{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red56\green9\blue229;\red31\green73\blue125;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ul\b\f0\fs22 1. PCMSVC SPR derivation and Path creation\par
\ulnone\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 1.\tab Derived the new SPR based on SPR derivation form?\par
2.\tab Base lined the base SPR in PCMSVC?\par
3.\tab If new path is requested? if then do the following?\par
4.\tab Added the new SPR to IPM list?\par
5.\tab Closed the previous SPR(IPM) if already exists?\par
6.\tab While creating a Baseline, check if a baseline on the same SPR already exists. If yes incremental number used?. \par
7.\tab Path status is changed from BASELINE state, to \~OPEN state?\par
8.\tab Reviewed the path creation by another CM team member\par
9.\tab Updated the main Sub volume in Build file? (#SET\~ MainSubvol\~ \\ATOM.$DON.J0611B)\par
10.\tab Check-in the Build file in VCSCOM completed\par
11.\tab Copied the files with tags in to the new sub volume?\par
12.\tab Copied the all BUILD* files without tags?\par
13.\tab fup alter\~ DICTODF, altfile (0, DICTALT) command executed from new sub volume?\par
14.\tab Copied the CHANGES file explicitly to new sub volume?\par
15.\tab Recorded output of all the above steps in Bugzilla?\par
16.\tab Remarks\par
\pard\par
\ul\b 2. PCMSVC Build\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the Tagline completed without error?\par
2.\tab Is Install completed without error and captured the output and recorded?\par
3.\tab Updated VPROC in SVER and SVER32(for H03 and above)?\par
4.\tab Check the Build Request type (Production, PGO), steps will change"\par
5.\tab Verified Build date and Errors in zzvcbrpt for zero error and current date?\par
6.\tab Verified vproc of tdp2y,tdp2y32?\par
7.\tab Is fmapdup executed(H03 and above)?\par
8.\tab fup dup to \\ATOM.$dp2a21.T9053SPR(below J03)?\par
9.\tab Is $dp2a21 location and vproc mentioned in mail?\par
10.\tab Mail to Dev team for submittal confirmation with the fup duped location?\par
11.\tab MSG file Updated in $dp2a21 location?\par
12.\tab Submit to CRIS from Duped location"\par
13.\tab submitted Fix sheet to QA queue and fix sheet disappeared from CM queue?\par
14.\tab Update the Softdoc section with fix sheet info if applicable\par
15.\tab Remarks\par
\pard\par
\pard\fi-360\li360\b 3.\tab\ul BASE VCSCOM Builds\par
\pard\li720\ulnone\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 1.\tab Is the fixsheet/request has the required info?(Project,Path,Files to be merged, SPR,build step)\par
2.\tab Is ENV output verified and recorded?\par
3.\tab Is Trial merge output matches to the files present in fixsheet?\par
4.\tab No merge conflict found during trial merge and resolved it if found\par
5.\tab Is Actual merge completed and recorded the output?\par
6.\tab Is Version info updated and checked in?\par
7.\tab Is copy to sub volume completed and recorded the output?\par
8.\tab Build Completed\par
9.\tab Verified *** ERROR in zzvcbrpt?\par
10.\tab Verified Total number of Errors(should be 0) in zzvcbrpt?\par
11.\tab Is Vproc verified ?\cf1\par
\cf0 12.\tab File code change is applicable and completed?\par
13.\tab MSG file created?\par
14.\tab Tech to DEV path sync (if applicable) completed?\par
15.\tab Register both the TECH and DEV path\~ (if applicable) completed?\par
16.\tab Archival (if applicable) completed?\par
17.\tab Any deviation from above is recorded in remarks?\par
18.\tab Is dev confirmed for CRIS submittal?\par
19.\tab Is CRIS submittal completed and recorded the output?\par
20.\tab Remarks\par
\par
\pard\ul\b 4. DEV & TECH concept Builds (FS)\par
\cf2\ulnone\b0\f1\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 1.\tab Is the New SPR derived from correct base?\par
2.\tab Is milestone dates are given as per Derivation Request Form?\par
3.\tab Is responsible users are selected as per request?\par
4.\tab PSV Setup/Path/Branch are created for the new SPR (If applicable)?\par
5.\tab VPROC is updated and checked-in before trail Build?\par
6.\tab Communicated to requester/Dev Team with all new details?\par
7.\tab Is the fixsheet/request has the required info?(Project,Path,Files to be merged, SPR,build step)\par
8.\tab Is ENV (Project, Path & Volume) set correctly?\par
9.\tab Registry is verified for TECH path (for new SPR Builds)?\par
10.\tab Registry is verified for DEV path (for new SPR Builds)?\par
11.\tab Is fixsheet review is done to get list of steps needs to be performed for this Build?\par
12.\tab Is BUILD file modified? Then have you done the merge manually?\par
13.\tab Developer path is frozen?\par
14.\tab Is Trial merge done and verified against the fixsheet for list of modified files? \par
15.\tab Is Actual merge completed and recorded the output?\par
16.\tab Is Version info (Build date, VPROC..)updated and checked in?\par
17.\tab Is copy to sub volume completed and recorded the output?\par
18.\tab ENV is correct?\par
19.\tab Is your Build initiated with the given options?\par
20.\tab Is build completed and verified the errors in zzvcbrpt?\par
21.\tab Verified Total number of Errors(should be 0) in zzvcbrpt?\par
22.\tab Is Vproc verified for the built objects?\par
23.\tab IS BFS Publish requested?\par
24.\tab BFS Publish is completed?\par
25.\tab Builds are initiated for all approved threads?\par
26.\tab Communicated to developer with build locations for verification?\par
27.\tab IS MSG file updated with VPROC info?\par
28.\tab Submittal is done after Dev confirmation?\par
29.\tab Merge is done from TECH to DEV path (for new SPR Builds)?\par
30.\tab Registry is done for TECH path (for new SPR Builds)?\par
31.\tab Registry is done for DEV path (for new SPR Builds)?\par
32.\tab Dupper is completed (for new SPR Builds)?\par
33.\tab Is fixsheet ftped to \\SIERRA.$FSTECH.TxxxxFIX\par
34.\tab Is threadhistory spreadsheet updated with fixsheet info?\par
35.\tab Notify developers that DEV path/thread locations have been updated\par
36.\tab Any deviation from above is recorded in remarks?\par
37.\tab Is CRIS submittal completed and recorded the output?\par
38.\tab Remarks\par
\cf0\f0\par
\pard\cf1\par
\cf0\ul\b PC build\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the fixsheet/request has the required info?(Project,Path,Files to be merged, SPR,build step)\par
2.\tab Is checkout performed/copied from right source code?\par
3.\tab ENV kind output verified and recorded(if possible)?\par
4.\tab Is Trial merge output matches to the files present in fixsheet?\par
5.\tab No merge conflict found during trial merge and resolved it if found\par
6.\tab Is Actual merge completed and recorded the output?\par
7.\tab Is Version info updated and checked in?\par
8.\tab Last build working directory cleaned or Moved?\par
9.\tab Is checkout completed?\par
10.\tab Build Completed\par
11.\tab Is the source code is labelled?(if applicable)\par
12.\tab Verified log for Errors?\par
13.\tab Is Vproc verified ?\par
14.\tab Is binary transferred for CRIS submittal?\par
15.\tab Any deviation from above is recorded in remarks?\par
16.\tab Is dev confirmed for CRIS submittal?\par
17.\tab Is CRIS submittal completed and recorded the output?\par
18.\tab Remarks\par
\b 19.\tab\ul\par
\pard StarTeam/SVN/GIT Branch creation and environment setup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the request has source and target branch details?\par
2.\tab Is the type is Replicate/Child/Child-ParentMerge-child type?\par
3.\tab If Child-ParentMerge-child\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440 a.\tab Merge to parent completed and conflict(if any) resolved?\par
b.\tab Is parent baseline(if applicable) completed?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 4.\tab Compared Source and target branches using StarTeam-compare option and report recorded?\par
5.\tab Source and target is checked out and compared(???)\par
\pard\par
\par
\ul\b VCSCOM Branch creation and environment setup\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the request has source and target branch details?\par
2.\tab Is auto create location is set (if applicable)\par
3.\tab Is TAG naming convention changed(if applicable)?\par
4.\tab Add path command Performed?\par
5.\tab List path <path> output captured and verified?\par
6.\tab Is version file modified(if applicable)?\par
7.\tab If trail build is requested?\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440 a.\tab Is copy to sub volume completed and recorded the output?\par
b.\tab Build Completed\par
c.\tab Verified *** ERROR in zzvcbrpt?\par
d.\tab Verified Total number of Errors(should be 0) in zzvcbrpt?\par
e.\tab Is Vproc verified ?\par
\pard\li1440\par
\pard\ul\b\par
SPR derivation\ulnone\b0\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 1.\tab Is SPR derivation form has all the info?\par
2.\tab Is SPR derived from right base path? \par
3.\tab Is file spec modification requested? If then\par
\pard\fi-360\li1440 a.\tab Is file spec reviewed by Development team\par
b.\tab\par
\pard\ul\b CRIS Submittal\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the request has location and SPR id?\par
2.\tab Is MSG file modification (if applicable) completed?\par
3.\tab Is SVC errors reported and resolved it by discussing with requester?\par
4.\tab Is CRIS Success mail has the right location?\par
5.\tab Is any new file state is \ldblquote Obtained from Cris\rdblquote ? \par
\pard\fi-360\li1440 a.\tab if then discussed with dev and recorded the conversation?\par
\pard\fi-360\li720 6.\tab Received CRIS mail?\par
\pard\ul\b\par
BFS Publish\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the request has location and SIR id?\par
2.\tab Received BFS mail?\par
3.\tab IS BFS mail has right location?\par
\pard\ul\b\par
T number transition\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab T-number\par
2.\tab Document received?\par
3.\tab Is the source code received and accessible by generic account?\par
4.\tab All the resources required to build is permanently available?\par
5.\tab Able to build using the received document?\par
6.\tab Is document updated in share point?\par
7.\tab Is CM inventory portal updated with all data?\par
\pard\li2880\ul\b\par
\pard SUT Creation\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab All the SUT delay mails are addressed and ready for SUT creation?\par
2.\tab Is SUTVER created and Submitted in CRIS with right SUT version?\par
3.\tab Is trail populate completed without surprise?\par
4.\tab Actual populate completed?\par
5.\tab Received populate mail CRIS mail?\par
6.\tab Create SUD initiated?\par
7.\tab Send the SUT \ldblquote underway\rdblquote  mail?\par
8.\tab Received SUD successful completion mail?\par
9.\tab ESUTSH initiated with right input and recorded screenshot?\par
10.\tab Fileinfo of all distribution systems(~8) verified?\par
11.\tab Peruse of all distribution jobs(~8) verified recorded?\par
12.\tab Populated the content XL sheet?\par
13.\tab Send Delivery content mail?\par
\pard\li720\ul\b\par
\pard Softdoc revision creation\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\ulnone\b0 1.\tab Is the request has the justification and revision date?\par
2.\tab Is the mail from CRIS received?\par
\pard\cf1\par
\par
\b\fs28 Toolkit build\par
VSSCOM+PC build\par
PC+VCSCOM build\b0\fs22\par
\pard\fi-360\li720\cf0\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f2\par
}
 